---
title:  "A dilemma"
mathjax: true
layout: post
categories: media
---

After a breakthrough, there's always a dilemma.

What's next?

There is always another obstacle to overcome.

The great thing about '7 days to live' is that there will be '7 more days to live' if you pass to the next round.

I like living this way, or simply seeing reality for what it is.

----

Have you ever thought about what you're truly worth?

When shit hits then fan, I got to know it. How much was I worth to to my ladies, to my fellas, to my acquaintances, peers, networks, friends, neighbours, communities, to the powers that be - corporations, companies, multinational business - and lastly to my goverments, power coalitions and the final boss, a pointing start that is humanity.

When shit hits the fan, true colours show.

When you are down, they will suck you dry.

Down to your last penny.

Down to your last piece of cloth.

Down to your last bit of data.

PEOPLE ARE HUNGRY FOR INFORMATION. The more powerless they are, the hungrier they become.

This has become my new hobby:

I would go to the bank to make a deal. I observe the clerk's face as we engage in a polite battle of negotiation. The script usually unfolds like this: when their face lights up - I've lost. Just as I'm about to hand over my goodies, I watch as a surge of dopamine coursing down their spine, their eyes gleaming, their face struggling to conceal a satisfied smile of victory. That's when I give them my data.

As they sift through my 'data,' bam, bam, bam. They adore the information. They envision themselves within it. Licking their lips. A power trip courses through their veins.

It's called the power of ACCESS and the power of ASSOCIATION.

At this point, I do it for fun. Simply observing these souls as I inject them with the intoxication of INFORMATION.

----

POWER exists in many forms.

Mission one was called MONEY. 

Taking a deep breath, dismantling missinformation, breakthrough the thick fog of agendas and catch them by the balls.

A wise man once told me: "If you want to be rich, work for the banks".

You want your money back? Go and get your money back. Literally. Figuratively. Lawfully, of course.

Nothing else matters. No one cares if you live or die, no one cares if you are a victim, no one cares if you haven't eaten in days, no one cares that you get assaulted or killed. If you don't get this, you will.

Want X? Get X. 

Otherwise it's just manipulation for the weak. A temporary solution to a permanent problem.

----

Mission two is called INFORMATION. 

Now that I hold the information, I hold power.

People will come for power.

They will also stab you in the back, sell you out for a avocado toast and a piece of dry steak while admiring their own reflections in the mirror.

This mission has only just begun though.

So I'll see you when I get there.

----

If you are reading this, consider yourself lucky. I let you in. I let you see this. I've trusted you enoough to let you take part. You will betray my trust. 98% of you will. But the 2%, I'll keep FOREVER. It's just part of the game.
